[NARRATOR] Berlint, the
bustling capitol of Ostania.
This woman is a contact
for the rival country
Westalis's intelligence
agency, WISE.
[sighs]
[NARRATOR] Currently,
this man is Loid Forger,
otherwise known by his
code name, Twilight.
Occupation, spy.
Although he is
presently in the middle
of a very important mission,
it seems he's been given
another on top of that.
[CONTACT A] How long has
my life been like this?
Every day is the same
as the one before,
hoping that peace
is on the horizon.
And if ever comes,
people like me...
...well, we won't
be needed anymore.
[TWILIGHT]
Mission complete.
[CONTACT B] Good day, or
perhaps, good evening, Twilight.
We appreciate you completing
that mission so swiftly.
How's Operation Strix
moving along?
[NARRATOR] He's referring to
Twilight's top-priority mission,
the stakes of which is peace
between East and West.
The goal...
Very smoothly.
A wife and child have
both been acquired.
[NARRATOR] ...to bring the enemy
country's plans for war to light
by establishing a family in
Ostania, which will allow him
to infiltrate its premier,
elite academy.
Excellent.
Blending in is of the
utmost importance.
Keep up the facade
as a normal family.
Copy that.
Did you quit smoking?
I'm a father now.
[NARRATOR] Under these
unique circumstances,
the Forger family came to be.
Your father said that he'd
be running late tonight,
so would you like to
go out to eat with me?
[ANYA]
Yep.
[YOR]
It must be hard being a doctor.
Seems like they stay
busy around the clock.
[ANYA] Papa's not really
a feelings doctor.
[NARRATOR] His daughter,
Anya, whom he adopted
at a somewhat
questionable orphanage...
[ANYA]
Papa's actually a cool spy.
He's out taking down
a bad guy today.
[NARRATOR] ...has the power
to read people's minds.
[ANYA]
I bring you my dish!
Thank you so much,
Anya. Good girl.
[YOR] Hmm. It's like
they'll never be clean.
[NARRATOR] His wife, Yor,
agreed to the arrangement
due to a common interest.
[YOR] I can still smell the
blood from yesterday's kill.
[NARRATOR] She's a
hard-boiled contract killer.
A spy, a telepath,
and an assassin.
The trio created this
fictitious family bond
while keeping their true selves
hidden from one another.
All the while
maintaining the facade
of a so-called "normal" family.
[TWILIGHT] Even though I'm
busy with Operation Strix,
I get these random extra
missions every day now.
This personnel shortage must
be worse than I thought.
Home life with
the pretend family
is another part of the job.
Such is the life of an agent.
No time for the soul to rest.
[NEIGHBOR A]
I'm not getting a good feeling
about that husband
from across the hall.
Even though it's the weekend,
he's out, quote unquote,
"working late," again.
[TWILIGHT]
A group of neighbors.
And that poor,
sweet little girl.
She must be starving
for attention.
I can hardly think of a time
I've seen them all together.
He must be leading some
secret, double life.
Cheating on her!
[NEIGHBOR A]
Either that, or he got fired
and he can't bring
himself to go home.
[TWILIGHT]
Ugh. I've been careless.
All these extra missions have
caused me to neglect my role
as a loving husband
and father.
[TWILIGHT] Even the slightest
suspicion or mistrust
from those around us
in a deception operation
can be fatal.
I must do everything
I can to fix this!
A threat to our family
is a threat to the world!
This next weekend... family day!
[TWILIGHT] We'll have
a great time together!
So where are we going?
Anya. Is that a penguin
you're drawing?
I know, we should go
to the aquarium.
Um, Loid, it's pretty
obvious you're exhausted.
Maybe you should get some rest?
I know, but for the sake of our
pretend marriage's future,
we must do all that we can
to seem like a normal family.
And that means going out
and having a great
time this weekend!
Sounds cool!
[TWILIGHT] Though I'll have
to get all my other missions
squared away before then.
[groaning]
[YOR]
Uh...
[TWILIGHT]
Heh. Okay, let's go.
[YOR]
Really, Loid.
You might need rest
more than family time.
[TWILIGHT]
I'm all right.
[NEIGHBOR D]
If it isn't the Forgers.
Been a while since I've
seen you all in one place.
[TWILIGHT chuckles]
Seems like a great day to go
enjoy the aquarium together.
I know Anya's excited!
[NEIGHBOR D]
Oh?
[TWILIGHT] We need to
demonstrate to our neighbors
what a happy family we are.
Wouldn't want them
to find out the truth
that the whole thing's a sham.
Papa's taking us
on a family oooting.
He's very kind to me and Mama,
and they are both
good, honest people.
Our family is completely
normal in every way.
[TWILIGHT]
Sounded suspicious to me,
but probably good
enough for a civilian.
[TWILIGHT] Ladies, it was
very good seeing you today.
[ANYA] Let's go, Papa!
You're so nice and normal!
[ANYA]
Ba-donk ka-chonk!
[TWILIGHT] Uh? No, not again.
This can't be a good thing.
I'll go grab us some drinks.
[YOR]
Thanks!
[CONTACT A]
Agent Twilight,
we've got another additional
mission for you today, so--
[TWILIGHT]
Can't.
Came directly from WISE HQ--
[TWILIGHT]
I can't.
Operation Strix needs
my full attention today.
[ANYA]
Papa!
We need to hurry,
or the aquarium will
go out of business!
[TWILIGHT] They just remodeled
the place, so don't worry.
Wait, please.
You see what I'm dealing with.
Now, I'll take a
coffee, a juice--
Wait! Aquarium, huh?
That's perfect, Agent Twilight.
This mission just so
happens to take place
at the Berlint Aquarium.
Your preparedness is
astonishing, as usual.
[TWILIGHT]
You're mistaken.
I didn't know. I just want
that coffee and juice.
There's gonna be some important
intel traded at the aquarium.
[TWILIGHT]
My coffee and juice, please.
[CONTACT A]
Listen carefully, Twilight.
This intel contains instructions
from an enemy country
for making a new
chemical weapon.
If the terrorists get
their hands on this,
there's no telling just how
many of our fellow countrymen
will die as a result!
All the fishies! Yay!
An octopus! Starfish.
Li'l bitty shark!
[YOR chuckles]
[YOR]
Well, she's having fun.
Uh, Loid. You're
so pale. You okay?
[TWILIGHT] Ugh, just couldn't
say no to that extra mission.
But at least the neighbors
saw us on our way
to have a nice time
together earlier.
All I have to do is make it
through everything today, and--
[NEIGHBOR A] Oh, my,
if it isn't the Forgers
from across the hall.
How do you do?
[YOR]
Hello there!
[TWILIGHT]
No! Of all the--
[NEIGHBOR A]
We've just arrived here as well!
[TWILIGHT]
Definitely can't relax now.
Focus, Twilight,
all we have to do is
shoo them off, and--
You're free to join us
if you'd like some company!
[TWILIGHT]
Yor!
How sweet of you!
[ANYA]
Papa is funny.
[YOR] Maintaining a good
relationship with our neighbors
will help us seem like
a normal family.
[TWILIGHT]
Okay, fine.
I'll knock out this
side mission ASAP,
and then it's back
to family fun mode.
[CONTACT A]
According to our sources,
the weapon schematics are on
microfilm smuggled in a capsule,
which was, in turn,
swallowed by a penguin.
[TWILIGHT]
It's inside a penguin?
[CONTACT A]
It arrived sometime yesterday,
but the recipient hasn't
appeared to collect it.
You must retrieve the goods
before the enemy does,
no matter what!
[TWILIGHT] Let's check out
the penguin exhibit.
It's very popular.
--[NEIGHBOR A] Sounds lovely.
--[NEIGHBOR B] Okay.
[ANYA]
I like penguins! Let's see 'em!
[ANNOUNCER A]
Welcome one and all
to the world's largest
penguin park!
P-P-P-Penguins!
[ANNOUNCER A]
People come from far and wide
to see our playful
penguins in action...
[TWILIGHT] So exactly
which one of these guys
is my target today?
There's no time
to personally check
every penguin in the colony.
Perhaps my approach
should be more focused
on keeping the terrorist
away from the birds.
Actually, since I don't know
when their agent
is going to show up,
that'll be difficult as well.
But it is going to be
quite a challenge
to track all these
creatures by myself.
What to do... Look
carefully, Twilight.
Surely they marked
the penguin somehow
to tell it apart
from the others.
[ANYA]
Papa's flustrated.
[YOR chuckles]
[YOR]
Loid's engrossed.
I guess even he lets out
his inner child sometimes.
[VOICE D] Man, that fish
looks pretty tasty.
[VOICE A] Where did
the dang kid run off to?
[VOICE C] I hope my girlfriend
lightens up after this.
[VOICE B] I could stand
to live like those guys.
[PENGUIN VOICE A]
Fish.
[ANYA] Reading penguin
minds is super hard.
[PENGUIN VOICE D]
Lots of fish!
[PENGUIN VOICE E]
Come over here.
[PARLES chokes]
[gasps]
Papa, look at that penguin.
Can he breathe?
[TWILIGHT]
It's drinking a lot of water,
but spits it all back out.
Almost as if something's
stuck in its throat.
This bears further
investigation.
Hey, uh, I'm gonna
grab us more drinks!
[YOR]
Poor Loid.
His exhaustion must be what's
making him so thirsty today.
[CHIEF A] I thought we were
supposed to have a new guy
starting this afternoon!
Is he late for his first shift?
[TWILIGHT] I'm here,
boss! Sorry I'm late!
Ugh. This generation
doesn't wanna work.
Lemme show you how to feed
the penguins, all right?
[TWILIGHT]
Yes, sir!
I figured the quickest way
to get close to the target
without making a scene
was to disguise myself
as one of the keepers.
[CHIEF A] Now, it's
important for you newbies
to learn to put a name to
a face with these penguins.
I hope you've tried
to memorize the roster!
[TWILIGHT]
Yes, sir.
I did glance through it back
in the staff room a bit ago.
[CHIEF A]
Seriously? You glanced at it!
I studied that thing all
the time and it still--
Hey, boss?
Watch that you don't
step on poor Petilda!
[CHIEF A]
Hmm...
[CHIEF A] Yup, that's
definitely Petilda all right.
This little guy here is Pemas
and this one's Pescar.
How can you tell them apart?
Well, all of their patterns
are completely different.
Their faces are, too.
[CHIEF A]
I still have a little trouble
telling them apart
from one another.
This guy sounds like he's
known them all his life.
All right then, newbie,
let's get these guys fed.
This way.
[TWILIGHT] So the one I spotted
coughing earlier is...
There, Parles,
the emperor penguin.
I need to get over to him.
Uh! That might be a problem!
Now, they're all
a little different.
Gluttons, picky eaters--pay
attention to their unique needs.
[TWILIGHT]
I don't have time for this.
I need to get back before
the neighbors get suspicious.
Hey, boss! Allow me
to do the honors!
Huh?
[TWILIGHT]
I learned a few things
by watching veteran keepers.
It's all about understanding
what kind of fish each one eats,
the quantity involved,
as well as their individual
place in the colony's hierarchy.
Once I factor in all
those variables...
[BOTH gasping]
[TWILIGHT] ...controlling the
masses is mere child's play.
I've never seen a newbie
take to it like this before!
Uh-oh. Apparently Parles
isn't very hungry today.
I think he's feeling sick. I'll
just take him to the clinic.
Excuse me.
[CHIEF A]
Uh, yeah.
[TWILIGHT]
Sorry, buddy.
Oh.
[TWILIGHT]
Bingo.
Definitely something
stuffed down there.
Upon closer observation,
it seems there's a mark on
the bottom of his foot, too.
[TWILIGHT] Hold on, little guy.
I'll fish this out real quickly.
Hey, you! There a problem?
What are you doing with that?
[TWILIGHT] Taking him to
the clinic. He's sick.
Ah, well, hand him over
and I can take him.
[TWILIGHT]
I'm sorry, sir.
But the rules say only qualified
staff can handle the penguins.
Apologies.
I should've said,
I'm a professor
from Berlint University's
marine biology research lab.
And as part of my job,
I'm in charge of the
marine animals here.
Uh?
[TWILIGHT]
This ID is fake.
Not to mention
extremely poorly made.
[gasps]
Who do you work for, you--?
[TWILIGHT]
No, you don't!
Quit squirming will you?
[CHIEF A]
Hey, newbie!
What in the heck are you
doin' with that penguin?
The clinic's that way!
[TWILIGHT] I don't know if
there are other enemies here,
so I can't let this
penguin out of my sight.
The primary goal of the mission
is to retrieve this film.
Which means I can't
give chase right now.
Oh, no. Where did
Anya run off to?
[MAN A]
I'll get to the others outside
and tell them to kill that guy,
then we can grab the film!
[MAN A]
What's with you?!
[ANYA]
Mama! Help! I'm being kidnapped!
Anya!
[MAN A] Let go of me!
The hell are you--?
[YOR]
Hands off, creep!
Don't touch my daughter!
[ANYA]
Wow.
Are you okay, Anya?
[YOR] Whoops. I think I may
have overdone it a tad.
Hope I didn't kill him.
[TWILIGHT]
Wow.
[NARRATOR]
With help from his family,
Twilight was able
to retrieve the film
and get info about the enemy
organization from the imposter.
[NEIGHBOR A] I think
it's awfully suspicious
that your husband
hasn't come back yet.
My intuition screams "cheater!"
Mine, too!
[gasps]
There's no way he would--
[TWILIGHT]
Sorry. That took way too long.
There you are!
[TWILIGHT]
Ta-da!
[ANYA]
Big ol' penguin!
Oh, that's a gigantic one, Loid!
Where did you get it?
I won it as a prize
in the penguin name
guessing game over there.
It certainly took some trying,
but I knew Anya'd love it,
so what could I do?
Finally got him, though!
[ANYA]
Papa is such a liar.
He got it right
on the first try.
[laughs]
[YOR] It's kind of adorable
how worked up he gets.
I was wrong about you.
You're an amazing father.
Color me impressed.
Thanks, I try.
Yeah, I've been flailing
around in fatherhood,
but I always do
the best I can...
...to protect my family.
I don't think I ever noticed
how handsome you are.
[TWILIGHT] I suppose I achieved
my goal with today's outing,
but I'm putting my foot down
about all these
excessive missions.
Time to file an official
complaint with HQ
and request a few weeks off.
[ANYA laughing]
[TWILIGHT] No, I have a
duty to maintain peace.
To create a world where
children can laugh
and war is just part
of the history books.
I can't shirk away from that.
[ANYA] Papa! The dolphin
show is gonna start!
[TWILIGHT] I know, Anya.
I'm moving as fast as I can!
Huh?! I'm in charge
now? But why?
You're too good. I have
nothing more to teach you.
[ANYA]
My name is Director Chimera.
I'm the boss of the
secret organization P2.
You must be the newbie
recruit, is that right?
[ANYA]
My name is Penguin,
and I come from the
aquarium, please.
It really is a pleasure
to meet you.
Yes, now, Agent Anya, you
should know what happens next.
Yep!
[ANYA] As part of you
joining our organization,
we'll split a peanut
and eat it together.
After that, you will officially
be a member of P2!
[ANYA] Now, you have a new
name, Agent Penguinman.
Do your best for world peace.
Sir!
Okay, Agent Anya,
I want you to show our new
recruit around the hideout,
let 'em know how we do things.
Okey-dokey!
This is the hideout's
central command room.
And we use this machine to
gather some new intel every day.
This is Agent Papa.
He is a super-elite
that can do anything.
[TWILIGHT] So she's
pretending to be a spy?
[ANYA]
That's Agent Mama.
She's strong, but not
very good at most things.
I'm not that bad, am I?
Both of them are Agent Anya's
most trusted lackeys.
Now let's move on.
Adorable.
Seems she's really taken
a liking to her new plushie.
[TWILIGHT]
Hm.
[ANYA]
This is the potty!
It's where you go to heal
and stuff after a big battle.
[ANYA]
This is Agent Anya's room.
Lots of training for missions
goes on every day in here!
And now...
...I'm gonna show you the
most top-secret-est spots
in the hideout:
Papa's room and Mama's room!
Be very careful.
These rooms have some deadly
secrets hidden inside them.
[ANYA] We might find
the ultimate knife,
or even some kind of crazy bomb!
[ANYA]
Okay.
[TWILIGHT]
Hey! What are you doing?
How many times have I told
you not to go in there?
[ANYA wailing]
[TWILIGHT]
Uh. Uh, don't cry.
There's just scissors
and heaters and stuff
that could hurt you.
[TWILIGHT]
And those are probably
the least dangerous
things in there.
And the same goes
for mine, too.
[YOR] Wouldn't want her to
touch a poisoned needle.
I hate you, Papa and Mama!
I'm gonna run away from home!
[TWILIGHT]
This is bad.
Operation Strix is
in the danger zone!
I have to think of
a plan quickly.
[TWILIGHT]
Um, Agent Anya!
Don't forget, we're on a
mission to save the world.
There's no time for tears!
I say we finish the
tour of the hideout
and get to our next assignment!
[YOR] Correct!
Crying does not compute.
We gotta get the bad guys!
[ANYA] Okay! You two
are coming with me.
The bad guys are at the candy
store on Second Street.
Let's go teach 'em a lesson!
[YOR, TWILIGHT]
Huh?
Be careful.
There could be some traps
and stuff from the enemy.
[TWILIGHT]
Very good thinking, Agent Anya.
What a cute little family.
[TWILIGHT] Spies mustn't draw
attention to ourselves...
[NARRATOR]
Anya's morale greatly improved
after Agents Mama and Papa
bought her a snack.
Thus, peace was restored
to the Forger household.